Doctor, how is my mother?
The attending doctor is assisting
The patient's blood stock is insufficient
I urgently need my aunt to go to Ginkgo Academy
Doctor, I'm Auntie going to Ginkgo Academy
Come with me!
Sister, don't worry.
How is it now?
Doctors and patients miss the best time for treatment
The brain gets weight.
Likely to become a vegetable
How did we get into a car accident?
father
I will be gone when I am very young. If my parents become vegetative again
What happens after that?
Sister, don't worry.
Fuji's medical team is the best in the country
Auntie will be fine.
The surveillance of the road section where Vice President Mrs. Su had a car accident was deliberately erased
Our people are still investigating.
And I got the news
The eldest young master has secretly returned to China
He has returned home
And he went out this afternoon.
Who did you meet?
Haven't found it yet
Put the message out and say Auntie has woken up and the answer is
You suspect that Fu Chen moved my hand
Fu Chen is very enthusiastic
If you don't achieve your goal, you can do whatever you want.
As for who the murderer is
We'll know soon enough.